Well, hello there.
I'm so glad you could be here.
It's Christmas time, the season of Twinkling Lights, hot cocoa that's way too hot at the first sip.
And snow that looks so magical until you have to shovel it.
And let's be honest, Christmas also means wrapping gifts at midnight, forgetting where you hid your presents,
and eating just one more cookie, which somehow turns into three.
But maybe Christmas isn't just about presents, trees, and trying to untangle the same string of lights you swore you threw away last year.
It's about something bigger.
It's about joy that lasts, hope that doesn't fade, and a love that came down to earth wrapped in swaddling clothes.
Jesus.
So right now, let's laugh a little louder, sing a little stronger, and celebrate a little brighter.
Because this is Christmas, and there's no better reason to be joyful than this.
As a matter of fact, a sentiment, put my favorite record on.
I've been waiting to say that since Thanksgiving.
I'm gonna say it again.
Merry Christmas everybody.
It's so good to be with you no matter where you are joining us from, especially if you are new here.
We are so glad that you are here.
And what a fun way to start the service.
I literally grew up on Claymation Rudolph and putting Jingle Bell Rock on mom and dad's record player.
But just like the video says, Christmas is so much bigger, so much deeper than that.
It's about a joy that lasts, a hope that doesn't fade and a love that came from heaven to earth to be with us.
And his name is Jesus.
It's the reason we gather.
It's the reason we are all here.
It's the reason we worship.
And something powerful happens when we do it together.
So come on church, stand to your feet and let's worship together.
We're so thankful for who you are to us.
We're so thankful for the love that you have for each of us.
A love so great that you came down to earth so that we could be close to you, so that we could experience joy and hope in your name, Jesus.
And so I pray today in the busyness of this season, what our eyes, what our hearts be fixed on here, Jesus.
You are so worthy of our praise.
You're so worthy of our worship.
So would you be glorified in this place today?
We love you so much.
We pray this all in your powerful name.
Amen.
Amen, everybody.
So good to be with you.
We can take a seat.
I just love seeing Silent Night and getting to hear everyone's voice in the room, not as such an amazing moment.
Yeah, it's when we do almost every year, and every time we do it, I think about what it would have actually been like to be there when Jesus came to earth, when God entered humanity through a humble baby boy.
It's amazing.
That story is amazing.
It is why we celebrate Christmas.
Yes, that is why we are celebrating for sure.
And you know, these services, there is a lot for our volunteers to do.
And so this next weekend, we actually don't have in-person services.
And so we have an online experience, which a lot of you that
normally watch online are used to.
It's filled with great musical moments, but also a panel this year, which is going to be really cool.
We're going to hear from some different pastors.
So you have that to look forward to.
Yeah.
And like Rachel said, these services, all the Christmas services we do take a lot to pull up.
But I want to take a second to thank all of those of you who give to Eaglebrook, because without you, these services wouldn't be possible.
This is one of the largest nets we cast.
We see more people come to faith in Jesus on our Christmas service than almost any other service of the year.
and that wouldn't be possible without you.
So thank you, and if you want to join, you can do that at eaglebrookechurch.com slash gifts.
Yeah, and then we're back for in-person services, January 3rd, 4th.
Yes, that is a lot of Eagle Brook in a short amount of time.
Yes, yes it is, but you don't want to miss any of it because this new series, it's all about relationships.
Yes.
Marriage, dating,
So you go all the things.
Something for everyone.
And we're all in relationships.
So it's going to connect with each and every one of you.
But to give you a little taste of what that's going to be like, we have this video here.
So check it out.
One weekend, three couples plus one teenager.
Couples and their relationships put to the test.
All stuck together in a rental property.
Who will survive?
cabin fever.
This season I'm cabin fever.
I'm Mitch and I'm Henry.
It's so nice to have the family all together.
I said I wanted space and he booked a cabin with his parents.
We've been married for, like, a year.
Oh, it's been perfect.
Yeah.
I mean, hard.
You know, before you can build the city, you've got to take out the rocks.
And, like, remember to take out the trash.
I mean, it's great to be with family, but it's three married couples.
And me?
Three days.
We're going to be just fine.
Just fine.
Yeah.
OK.
This is going to be great for our family, and no one's going to get voted off the island.
I see.
We are beginning a new series, January 3rd and 4th.
It is called Cabin Fever, and it's all about relationships.
It's about dating, sex, marriage.
If you are a parent, you want to get your kids to this series.
If you're a young adult, a teenager, we've got a lot planned in this series for you.
And marriages often can be really hard.
And I talk to people all the time who are like, our marriage right now just needs a little bit of a boost.
I believe this series is gonna help with that as well.
So great series for you.
Also a great series to invite someone to, an easy invite to come cabin fever January 3rd and 4th.
About 17 or 18 years ago, I was walking through the Mall of America at the Nickelodeon universe.
And I saw the dumbest thing I have ever seen in my life.
I'm not exaggerating.
I called my wife Sarah over.
I went on a five minute rant.
I said, are our lives so meaningless that we are now willing to pay for that?
Here's a picture of what I was looking at.
I was standing outside the American Girl doll store watching a grown adult braid the hair of a doll.
Not a doll that they were gonna put on display in the store.
Now this is a doll that some girl brought in to have her doll's hair done.
If we ever find life forms on another planet, how are we gonna explain this?
Like, yeah, you know, we spend money to make sure our doll's hair is done properly.
That was 17 or 18 years ago.
About 15 years ago, I stood in a hospital room where my wife was delivering our third child.
The doctor held up the baby, still screaming attached to the umbilical cord and said, Dad, is it a boy or is it a girl?
We already had two boys, so that's what I was expecting, but when those three words came out of my mouth, it's a girl.
My wife and I couldn't hold back our tears of joy.
We named her Isabel, and she's a testament that girls make their dads do dumb things.
For instance, when Isabel was six years old, the American Girl doll of the year was named Isabel.
And so what did we do?
We spent a hundred bucks.
on three pounds of plastic.
We didn't even have a choice.
I was like, but they named the three pounds of plastic is about.
Then the next year for her seventh birthday, we gave her a coupon for a date with mom and dad to the American Girl Doll Store.
And I said, and you can get your doll's hair done there.
She ended up getting her doll's ears pierced.
We spent money on that.
I actually used money that I earned to have the doll's ears pierced.
From there, we went to a cafe where you could eat lunch with your doll.
They brought the doll out.
Here's a picture.
The doll sits at the high chair.
They have like a saucer and some other kinds of dishes for the doll.
We spent more money on that.
But guess what?
I loved it.
I loved the American Girl doll store.
I was so disappointed when it closed at the Mall of America.
We would have spent Isabelle's whole eighth birthday there, birthday there, if I had somehow fallen into a quarter of a million dollars.
Now, what changed?
There was a birth.
I had a girl and that birth changed my perspective on the American girl doll store.
I've had one other experience like that in my life.
If you've heard me speak before, you know that growing up, I didn't go to church as a kid.
I didn't go on Christmas.
I didn't go on Easter.
In fact, the first time I ever walked into a church, I was wearing basketball shorts and a Wu-Tang Clan t-shirt.
Wu-Tang Clan was a wrap group that I liked.
But then something happened.
There was a new birth.
I came to believe that Jesus was a real person who walked on planet Earth and who died on a real cross to pay the penalty for your sins and for mine.
And Jesus has an interesting phrase to describe that moment of belief in a person's life.
He says, it's like you have been born again.
In other words, all of us are born physically when we come out of our mother's womb, but Jesus says that we must be born again spiritually, that there must be a new birth in our life.
And that new birth, it changes you.
I went from believing that you go to heaven by being a good person.
If you would have asked me at that time of my life, like, why does a person go to heaven?
How does a person go to heaven?
I would have said, well, you know, you just have to be a good person.
And then I came to realize that it's not a good person that goes to heaven.
It's someone who's been forgiven by Jesus Christ.
That I was a sinner who needed a savior.
I started going to church, not because I had to, but because I wanted to.
I started getting rid of some things in my life.
I stopped listening to music that glorified sin.
I stopped using profane language.
I tried to get a control of my temper and love other people.
That just like my daughter's new birth changed my perspective on the American girl doll store, my new birth in Christ changed my perspective on everything.
One of my friends has a son who's about 12 years old and he got in trouble about three times in one week at school.
And this is a kid who normally didn't get in trouble.
And so his dad sat down, he's going to have a pretty serious conversation with his son.
And as he sat down, he could see his son's just lip quivering.
And his son looked at his dad and he said, dad, I just need a fresh start.
I wonder if any of us are feeling that way today.
I wonder if there's any of us today who, God, I just need a fresh start.
I just have some guilt and shame and regret from my past.
God, I just need a fresh start.
Or maybe there was something traumatic that happened in your life.
There was a betrayal, a divorce, a breakup, and everything in you is going, God, I just need a fresh start.
You can listen to self-help podcasts and read self-help books.
You can try new business ventures and enter into new relationships, but that's not what our soul needs.
What our soul needs is to be forgiven, to know that we can have a fresh start, to know that there can be a new birth.
When God sent his son Jesus to this world, he did not send him as a ghost or a spirit.
He didn't send him as a feeling in our hearts,
He did not send him as a grown adult or even as an angel.
He sent him as a baby, born in a little town called Bethlehem.
Matthew's Gospel records what that moment was like.
It says this, this is how Jesus, the Messiah or Savior was born.
His mother Mary was engaged to be married to Joseph.
But before the marriage took place, while she was still a virgin, she became pregnant through the power of the Holy Spirit.
I don't mean to go birds and bees on you here, but this is not normal.
A woman who's never had relations with a man doesn't normally become impregnated and conceive a child.
Matthew goes on in the next verse, it kind of explains, he says, all this occurred to fulfill the Lord's message through his prophet.
Look, the virgin will conceive a child.
She will give birth to a son and they will call him a manual, which means God is with us.
The prophet that Matthew is referring to is the prophet Isaiah.
In the Old Testament, there's a book called Isaiah by the prophet Isaiah.
And in chapter seven, verse 14, here's what the prophet Isaiah said.
He said, therefore, the Lord himself will give you a sign.
The virgin will conceive and give birth to a son and will call him a manual."
Now, you might wonder, well, when was Isaiah written?
Was Isaiah written maybe after Jesus was born?
Maybe they had heard the whole story about Jesus being born to a virgin.
And so then he kind of wrote that after the fact.
We know that's not true.
In 1949, they found some scrolls in a cave near Qumran in Syria.
And in those, it's not known as the Dead Sea Scrolls, they found full copies of the book of Isaiah.
And now today, through technology, they can carbon date those copies.
And they found that those copies of the book of Isaiah were written hundreds of years before Jesus Christ was born.
Hundreds of years before Jesus Christ was born.
Isaiah said, there will be a virgin who will conceive a child by the power of the Holy Spirit.
Someone once asked Larry King, who used to host a popular show on CNN, Larry King, and interviewed presidents and world leaders and celebrities.
They asked him, they said, if you could interview anyone, who would it be?
And what question would you ask them?
Any person in history, Larry King didn't miss a beat.
He said, Jesus Christ.
And I would ask him if he was indeed born of a virgin, because the answer to that question would define history for me.
At the center of Christmas, indeed at the center of history, is the question, was Jesus Christ born of a virgin?
Did a teenage girl marry become impregnated by the power of the Holy Spirit and give birth to the Son of God?
79% of Americans today say, yes, I believe that.
79% of Americans believe that the virgin birth took place, which ticks off atheists and skeptics like Richard Dawkins.
Richard Dawkins has called the virgin birth religious propaganda.
And then he adds this, he says, it's effective with an audience of children and the unsophisticated.
Bill Maher, also a critic of Christianity, joked, he said, I believed all this stuff when I was young.
I believe there was a virgin birth, but then something important happened.
I graduated sixth grade.
Is that true?
Is it true that you are childish and foolish and naive to believe that Jesus Christ was born of a virgin?
William Lane Craig has his PhD from the University of Birmingham.
He's considered one of the best, most famous philosophers of our day.
When he was growing up as a kid, he did not believe that Jesus Christ was conceived of a virgin.
He thought that was just kind of made up story.
But then he got two doctorates and developed what is known as the cosmological argument for God's existence.
I think that's an earful.
Let me show you what the cosmological argument is for God's existence and then I'll show how this relates to what we're talking about whether Jesus was born of a virgin.
Here's the cosmological argument, premise number one, everything that began to exist must have a cause.
If you're kind of skeptical, think about this.
Everything that began to exist must have a cause.
I think most people would agree with that.
You're not usually walking down the street and all of a sudden, there it was, just came out of nowhere.
If something began to exist, then whatever began to exist must have had a cause.
Most everybody agrees with that statement.
Premise number two, our universe began to exist at some point.
Now this is where for years, scientists went, no, I don't think so.
Our universe has always existed.
The world has always existed.
But in the last several hundred years, scientists have come to believe that the universe, in fact, began to exist at a specific point.
It's almost universally acknowledged by scientists today that the universe has not always existed.
Here's the third point, and this is just the logical one, the universe has a cause.
If everything began to exist, has a cause, and our universe began to exist, then the universe has a cause.
But here's the question, what could have caused our universe?
Whatever it was, it must have been
a spirit or immaterial because it existed before the material world began to exist.
Whatever it was, it had to have been timeless because it pre-existed time.
It would have had to have been incredibly wise.
The human eye is more complex than a computer.
Anything that humans have ever come up with, the human eye is more complex.
It would have had to have been creative when you look at the world and design that we see in the universe.
It would have had to have been loving
In order to create a world in which we can experience love and love other people and flourish, do you know a being that is timeless, transcendent, spirit-wise, creative, loving?
That's a description of the God of the Bible.
All of this brought William Lane Craig, one of the smartest philosophers of our day, to believe that there is a God who created the world.
And here's what he said about the virgin birth.
He said, if I really do believe in a God who created the universe, then for him to create a Y chromosome would be child's play.
He's right.
Jesus had to be born of a virgin because Jesus had to be fully human and fully God.
He had to be fully human to represent us as humanity, but he had to be fully God, to pay the infinite penalty for our sins.
Jesus had to be sinless so that he wasn't paying for his own sins, but he was paying the penalty for your sins and for mine.
Jesus had to be conceived of a virgin in order to be fully human and fully God.
But you might be thinking to yourself like, well, okay, I mean, I believe, put me in the 79% who believes that Jesus was born of a virgin, but why do I care?
What differences that make in my life this Christmas?
Here's the difference, number one, you are never alone.
Isaiah said that a virgin is gonna conceive and the child will be called a manual.
And I remember reading that for the first time, I'm like, well, somebody didn't get the memo because they called him Jesus.
They didn't call him a manual.
But then I found out what a manual means and it means God is with us.
And Jesus was.
When Jesus left heaven and came to earth, he did so because to be with us.
to live among us, even after Jesus is death, by His Spirit, He is with us, which means that you are never alone.
Years ago, they did a study of 16 women where they were given an MRI and then told that they would receive a mild shock.
And while they received the shock, their brains were hooked up to some ways of measuring their stress levels.
So they wanted to see like what stress levels were these women experiencing as they received this shock.
But what made the experiment interesting was that these 16 women were broken up into three different groups.
The first group was holding no one's hand.
The second group was holding a stranger's hand.
And the third group was holding their husband's hand.
The group that was holding no one's hand, their stress levels were through the roof.
I mean, it was just like, well, all over the place.
The group that was holding a stranger's hand, they could see a little bit of a difference.
It was a little bit better.
The group that was holding their husband's hand had dramatically less levels of stress.
The researchers concluded this.
They said presence changes everything.
When I first went off to college, I had just become a Christian.
And one of the things that I had to make a break with my old life was to say, you know what?
I'm not going to party and drink and do those things anymore.
And so I made a commitment that I wasn't going to do that.
But there was one night that my whole floor was going to a kegger.
And my roommate at the time used to come back drunk and do kind of gross things.
And I was just like, I'm not in the mood.
And so I remember there was a business building across the street.
And there was a bathroom down in the basement.
And so I went to this basement bathroom and I sat there and I read a book.
And I remember at the time thinking, this is the loneliest I have ever felt in my entire life.
The next year I transferred to a school here in St. Paul.
And I was praying like crazy for my roommates because it hadn't gone very well the first time.
I'm like, OK, God, please bring a great roommate into my life and God answer that prayer.
One of my first nights on campus, I was walking back to my townhouse, two of my roommates were walking in the other direction, and one of them said, hey, do you want to go to the prayer chapel with us?
I didn't even know there was a prayer chapel.
When we went to this little tiny prayer chapel, we read our Bible separately, and then we prayed together before we left, which I had never done before.
I had never prayed out loud, never prayed out loud with a couple dudes.
But those two dudes became two of the best friends I've ever had in my life.
And from that night on, whether they came with me or not, I would go to this little prayer chapel and I would read my Bible and I would pray.
And that was where Jesus became my best friend.
Do you know Jesus that way?
As a friend.
Two years ago, my oldest son went to the same college, and so during a break in parent orientation, I grabbed my now seven-year-old daughter and I said, hey, let's wanna show you something.
So we went up to this little prayer chapel and we opened the door, it looked the same, it smelled the same.
And I said, this is where Jesus became daddy's best friend.
And then we got down together on our knees and we prayed for her older brother that God would protect him and that he would know Jesus not just as an idea or a belief, but that he would know him as a friend.
Do you know Jesus that way?
Did you know him as a friend?
Not just as an idea, not just as a belief, but to know him as a friend.
One of my prayers for you this Christmas has been that you would not just say, you know what?
I believe there's a God.
I believe Jesus was born of a virgin.
I mean, I go to church when I can make it, but that you would actually know Jesus as a friend.
That you would be a friend of God.
In the Old Testament, there's a servant, a woman named Hagar.
And she belongs, she's a slave, she belongs to a couple named Abraham and Sarah, and Sarah becomes jealous of Hagar.
Because Hagar's able to conceive and Sarah is not able to do that.
And so she kicks Hagar out into the desert.
She's all alone.
She's feeling rejected and abandoned.
And God comes and speaks to her in the most tender way.
So much so that when Hagar talks about God after that, she refers to him this way.
She says, you are the God who sees me.
God sees you.
He sees your tears.
He sees your pain.
He sees your frustration and your discouragement.
He sees you.
He's seen you ever since you were a little kid and he still sees you today.
He is the God who sees you and you are never alone.
The second difference that the birth of Christ makes in your life is this, he will give you a new heart.
The Bible says that when you put your faith in Jesus Christ, you receive the Holy Spirit of God.
It begins to live within you and God makes this promise.
He says, I'm gonna give you a new heart.
Ezekiel chapter 36.
He says this, I will give you a new heart and put a new spirit in you.
I will remove from you your heart of stone and give you a new heart of flesh.
Maybe there's some of us today and you're going, I need a new heart.
There's something in my heart, there's bitterness, there's anger, there's frustration.
I have a hard heart.
I've begun to drift from God.
God says, when you turn to me, I will give you a new heart.
I will fill that heart with life and joy and peace and hope.
And all you have to do is receive it as a gift.
Over the years, there's always been a Christmas gift that the whole world seems to want.
I did a little research this week, and this will be kind of a trip down memory lane for some of you.
But in 1983, the gift that you all wanted was the cabbage patch doll.
Everybody had to have the cabbage patch doll.
Then in 1985, it was pound puppies.
1989, this was kind of my heyday, this was a Game Boy.
I had to have the Game Boy.
In 1995, it was the beanie baby.
In 1996, it was the tickle me elmo doll.
People were killing for that at Walmart.
Then in the 2000s, we got into the iPod.
Then you got into the Kindle or the Wii actually.
The Kindle was next.
Then, as we kind of progressed into the 2000s, Angry Birds board game was huge.
Doc McStuffins doll was next up.
Then you had the Elsa doll from Frozen.
And then as we kind of get to the end here, you had AirPods.
And the year that AirPods was number one, the Instapod was number two.
So mom and dad getting in on that.
Christmas is for you too, right?
You got to get in on that a little bit.
Every year there is a gift that the whole world wants.
And every year there is a gift that God offers to the whole world.
It's his son Jesus.
He offers the free gift of eternal life.
He offers His grace and His forgiveness and His joy and His peace and His hope and His love.
He offers a new birth and a new heart.
Romans chapter 6 says it this way.
It says, for the wages of sin is death.
A wage is something that you earn.
It's something that you deserve.
Some of us think, well, our sin, you know, it's not that big of a deal.
Everybody makes mistakes.
Sure.
But he says, the wages of sin against a perfect and holy God, the penalty for that is death.
Not just physical death one day, but spiritual death and separation from God.
In a place that Jesus calls hell, it's separated from him from ever.
He says, for the wages of sin is death, but the free gift
The gift that God offers to you freely, the free gift of God is eternal life in Christ Jesus our Lord.
I wanna show you the story of someone in our church who needed a new physical heart, needed a new heart into his body, but it was because of his trust in Jesus Christ that he experienced God's presence and God's comfort, going through one of the most difficult
Experiences you could imagine, take a look.
My name is Jennifer.
I have two boys, Carver, who is 18, and Connor who is 17.
My boys are my absolute blessings.
I cherish every single day that I get to be their mom.
And the love that we have for each other is truly remarkable.
Both boys were born with congenital cell heart defects and have had multiple open heart surgeries.
But we knew at birth that Connors was very serious, and we knew someday that he'd have to have a heart transplant.
Even though Connors had only half a heart, his heart was bigger than anybody I know.
It was full.
My name's Connors.
I'm 17 years old.
I loved to play hockey, hang out with my friends.
Growing up knowing I was sick was pretty scary.
Just knowing I would eventually have to get a heart transplant was like a big thing to just have in the back of my mind.
I didn't always feel sick, but like whenever I would do something active I would always have to sit down and be tired mostly.
But I would always take like one day at a time.
Being a mom and watching him get more sick was very hard.
But Connor really rolled with every single punch of every hospital stay.
Every illness or sickness that he had due to his heart not being able to keep up.
Around age 16, his body was failing.
So he went down to Mayo.
And on December 18, 2024, they deemed him ready for a new heart.
And they said, go home and enjoy the holidays and come back January 6.
The first day I was in the hospital, it was really difficult knowing that I was not going to leave that building until I had a new heart, knowing it could be a week, months, years, and just sitting there not knowing when it was was probably the hardest thing.
Living in the hospital, you see so much devastation and despair.
You start to wonder if that's how your story is going to end up.
Around day 100 became pretty tough.
I was at the point where I was like, when is this going to happen?
It was nerve-wracking.
There was anxiety and fear.
And it becomes very difficult to stay hopeful.
But Connor had the strongest faith and said, Mom, this is God's plan.
God will provide when it's right for him.
Some ways I stayed positive was
Inviting a lot of my friends to come visit, hanging out with like family.
And anything that was hard in that day, we would just always ask Jesus to help us through it.
I felt like Jesus was like a friend there.
We could always talk to him or just pray towards him or with him.
In Connor fashion, he wanted to pray every single night.
And so we came up with the idea to do a prayer chain.
And every single night, Connor would say the prayer and I would write it.
and we added it to our protein, strung out all over the hospital room.
Dear Lord, thank you for a good day.
Got to go outside.
I pray for everyone in the hospital, and I pray for a new heart.
In your name we pray, amen.
That was day 133.
Fast forward, and we're on 168 days at this time inside the hospital.
And on June 22nd, we're watching Eaglebrook on the TV.
And Connor's favorite song of Fern Foundation is on.
And my look back in Connor was crying.
And I went over and I gave him a hug and a kiss.
And he said, Mom, it's really close.
It's coming soon.
It's coming.
And so I hugged him for about another minute.
And the phone rang.
And it was surreal.
We couldn't believe that our miracle heart had come.
When I heard that my doctors have accepted heart for me, the moment I was super excited because I know that this is all we've been waiting for.
And I was just calling all my friends, telling them and telling my family.
But it was like the night went on.
And I had to go to sleep and wake up the next morning for my surgery.
It was probably the hardest thing.
Couldn't sleep at night.
I was overwhelmed.
I had my whole family around me.
But it was still pretty scary.
It was hard to fathom.
I was gracious and thankful, but letting go of your son in the hallway before the operating room.
Honestly, it was one of the most hardest things I've done in my life.
But the strength that he had, I felt the presence of God during the entire moment.
And I truly believed that God picked him up and held him in his hands at that point in time and took him into surgery.
I almost felt like Jesus was by my side, I guess.
Like, I didn't cry.
I was, like, unfazed, just a straight face down the aisle, and then I got towed into surgery.
So Connor went down to surgery at around 230, and that 12 hours was brutal.
You get updates that the donor heart has arrived and that they are transferring the new heart into his body.
And then you get updates that the new heart has been started.
Connor's new heart started beating at 9.06 AM.
We got to see him again at 2.30.
And I got to feel his brand new heartbeat in his chest.
And I broke down hard.
It was everything I prayed for.
God answered my prayers, answered all our prayers, and it was still so surreal that a different heart was in his body beating.
But he was alive.
He was alive.
One big thing that Connor has always said is that getting a heart is not easy.
the amount of people that have prayed for us and the support and love has carried us through.
After 246 nights, Connor gets to finally go home.
And it was joyous.
We were happy.
I mean, excited.
It felt like time had stopped.
And then all of a sudden, we were transported back.
Last Christmas was very hard because we were preparing ourselves to go into the hospital.
And so this year, Christmas Eve marks six months that Connor will have his miracle heart in him, post-transplant.
And as you imagine, this is a really joyous time where we are enjoying the miracle of life inside my son.
And the lights
are brighter and the festivities are more fun.
I know there's many angels watching over Connor this Christmas and his donor family too.
It's a very special Christmas season.
Knowing that the hard thing is behind me is super relieving.
Just going into Christmas with a new heart, not having to worry about everything.
It's super good.
I just want the star to be motivating the other people and them knowing if they're going through a hard thing that they can do it with Jesus and just pray whenever you need it.
If I didn't believe in Jesus, I don't know how I would have done it.
I don't know how anybody can get through life without him.
I agree with them.
I don't know how people get through life without Jesus.
Maybe today there's something in your life where you say, God, I need a new start.
I need a new birth.
I need a new heart.
Spiritually, God, I need you to do something in my life.
God is offering that to you today as a gift.
It's offered to every single person.
In just a moment, I'm gonna lead us in a prayer.
And if you pray this prayer with me,
At this booklet that you received on the way in on page three, there's just a part that says that you decide to follow Jesus today.
And if you would, just take a moment after church, fill that out, drop it off.
There's a little perforated part there.
You can tear it off and drop it off as you go.
It's also a QR code.
If you want to do it after church or if you're online, there's a QR code as well.
But the Bible says, if you confess with your lips and believe in your heart, that you will be saved.
And so I want to lead you in a prayer to do just that.
Let's pray together.
Lord, there might be someone here today who says, you know what I need?
That's me.
I need a fresh start.
My heart has begun to drift from you, God, and it's hard.
It's hard towards the things of God.
God, would you give me a new heart?
Right now, in the quietness of their mind, they're just gonna pray, Lord, I confess my sins to you.
I turn away from them.
I believe God.
I believe that Jesus Christ was born of a virgin.
conceived by the Holy Spirit.
He was the Son of God that he died on the cross to pay the penalty that I could not pay for myself, but he didn't stay there God.
He rose again, defeating death and sin once and for all.
God, right now in this moment, I receive as a gift, salvation through Jesus Christ, the promise and the hope of eternal life, your grace and your mercy.
God, there are others of us here who might be going through a difficult time in our life.
God, we just need your comfort and your peace.
We need to know that you're close, God, and to sense your presence in our life.
I pray this Christmas, God, that we would, that we would sense your presence and your love.
And God, we are so thankful.
We are so thankful for this Christmas that you did not stay in heaven, but you left heaven and you came to earth to live among us so that we could know you, God.
Not just as a believer and idea, but to know you as a friend and so, Lord, thank you.
Thank you for what a friend we have in Jesus.
Pray it all in his name.
Amen.
Merry Christmas, everybody.
We'll see you the weekend after January.